listen let's go a little younger here uh
you know I work in an office so I have
to spend all day with adults who as you
know are not so great so every once in a
while I like to spend time with kids
today I had some questions to ask and
the questions weren't terrific but their
answers were
how old do you have to be to drive her
mommy a mommy
um 18 and eighty-one maybe like um ten
fifteen twelve and sixty-five how does
your mom drive yes is she's 65 baby
she'll be delighted to hear that how old
do you have to be to drive a car
fifty-eight yeah
what about 48 is that old enough do you
think what about 38 you think it's old
enough to drive
I'm not 68 68 is good - yeah
what about 78 what about 88 88 it's good
but then there's always 98 Danny can be
a 10 d810 d 8 might even be too old to
drive
what would you do if you had a million
dollars I would buy a flat-screen TV
that's it and imagine I would buy um I'm
like a fun house for this bouncy houses
and all those fun things in one house
you buy a bouncy house would you live in
it yeah and I love deep yellow inside
what would you do if you had a million
dollars cash don't eat half a charity
and um donate the rest of people who
don't have money or clothes so half the
charity
yeah and half the people who don't have
money in clothes
well I'd save a little bit of money for
me but to do what would like buy food
for myself maybe my kids you have kids
how old are you no I buy food for my
kids my wife and me what's your wife's
name
really oh that's a pretty name how did
you meet really I don't have kids or a
wife so you were lying about the wife
what you were lying when you told me you
had a wife well you asked me a question
that I what you lied Barry are you
calling for your wife no we just said
really Hey
yeah funny guy really yeah hello I said
hello